<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azurerm-avm-res-containerregistry-registry//cache-rule

Module to deploy container registry cache rule(optional) in Azure.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.3.0)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (>= 4, < 5.0.0)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azurerm_container_registry_cache_rule.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/container_registry_cache_rule) (resource)
- [azurerm_container_registry_credential_set.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/container_registry_credential_set) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_container_registry_id"></a> [container\_registry\_id](#input\_container\_registry\_id)

Description: The ID of the Container Registry.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the cache rule.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_source_repository"></a> [source\_repository](#input\_source\_repository)

Description: The source repository path to cache from (e.g., 'library/hello-world' for Docker Hub).

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_target_repository"></a> [target\_repository](#input\_target\_repository)

Description: The target repository path in your registry where the cached image will be stored.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_credential_set"></a> [credential\_set](#input\_credential\_set)

Description: Optional credential set configuration for authenticated pulls from the source registry.  
If provided, a credential set will be created and automatically associated with this cache rule.  
Required for Docker Hub due to rate limits. Not required for public registries like MCR.

- `name` - (Required) The name of the credential set.
- `login_server` - (Required) The external registry login server (e.g., 'docker.io' for Docker Hub).
- `username_secret_id` - (Required) The Key Vault secret ID containing the username.
- `password_secret_id` - (Required) The Key Vault secret ID containing the password.

Note: The system-assigned identity of the credential set will need 'Key Vault Secrets User' role on the Key Vault.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    name               = string
    login_server       = string
    username_secret_id = string
    password_secret_id = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_credential_set"></a> [credential\_set](#output\_credential\_set)

Description: The Container Registry Credential Set resource, if created by this module.

### <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id)

Description: The ID of the Container Registry Cache Rule.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the Container Registry Cache Rule.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->